feat(curriculum): add bisection method project to Python (#54110)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-numerical-methods-by-finding-the-square-root-of-a-number-using-the-bisection-method/65ef1eac497754cafa12a26c.md

---
id: 65ef1eac497754cafa12a26c
title: Step 21
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-21
---

# --description--

> Call the `square_root_bisection` method with the `N` variable as the argument and print the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the `square_root_bisection` function with the `N` variable as the argument and print the result.
```

Experiment with larger values.

With this, you have successfully implemented the bisection method to find the square root of a number.
 
# --hints--

> Call the `square_root_bisection` method with the `N` variable as the argument and print the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should call the `square_root_bisection` function with the `N` variable as the argument and print the result.
```

```js
({ 
    test: () => 
    {

>         assert.match(code, /square_root_bisection\(N\)/)

Reviewer: Reminder: change this once the `find_calls` helper is ready.

Author: Done.
